Remove vendors for adopters page (#2967)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/ecosystem/adopters.md

---
title: Adopters

> description: End-user organizations that have adopted OpenTelemetry

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
description: Organizations that use OpenTelemetry
```

# prettier-ignore
spelling: cSpell:ignore Dapr Datenrettungsdienste Globale Logicmonitor Logz Wandera Zocdoc
# All spelling entries must be on a single line
---

> A non-exhaustive, alphabetized list of [end user organizations](https://community.cncf.io/end-user-community/) that have adopted OpenTelemetry. Note that to be an end user for OpenTelemetry, an organization cannot sell an Observability product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A non-exhaustive, alphabetized list of [end-user organizations](https://community.cncf.io/end-user-community/) that have adopted OpenTelemetry. Also see [Vendors](../vendors/).
```

Reviewer: I've reapplied these suggestions to the updated file, and so marking as resolved.
PTAL

---
title: Adopters
description: Organizations that use OpenTelemetry
# prettier-ignore
spelling: cSpell:ignore Dapr Datenrettungsdienste Globale Logicmonitor Logz Wandera Zocdoc
# All spelling entries must be on a single line
---

A non-exhaustive, alphabetized list of

> [end user organizations](https://community.cncf.io/end-user-community/) that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[end-user organizations](https://community.cncf.io/end-user-community/) that
```

> have adopted OpenTelemetry. Note that to be an end user for OpenTelemetry, an
> organization cannot sell an Observability product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have adopted OpenTelemetry. Also see [Vendors](../vendors/).
```
